# Healing For Damaged Emotion

To Walk in God's Wisdom and his Perfect Will
Confession taken from pages 113-115 of Prayers that Avail Much Commemorative Gift Edition, ã 1997 by Word Ministries, Inc. 
Healing For Damaged Emotions 
Father, in the Name of Jesus, I come boldly to Your throne of grace to obtain mercy and find grace to help in this time need. I admit I have felt shame and emotional hurt. I confess my transgression to You. You are faithful and just to forgive me and cleanse me of all unrighteousness. You are my hiding place and You, Lord, preserve me from trouble. You surround me with songs and shouts of deliverance. I have chosen life and according to Your Word You saw me while I was being formed in Mother's womb and on the authority of Your Word I was wonderfully made. Now, I am Your handiwork, recreated in Christ Jesus. 
Father, You have delivered me from the spirit of fear and I shall not be ashamed. Neither shall I be confounded and depressed. You gave me beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning and the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness that I might be a tree of righteousness, the planting of the Lord, that You might be glorified. I speak out in psalms, hymns and spiritual songs, offering praise with my voice and making melody with all my heart to the Lord. Just as David did in 1 Samuel 30:6, I encourage myself in the Lord. 
I believe in God Who raised Jesus from the dead, Who was betrayed and put to death because of my misdeeds and was raised to secure my acquittal, absolving me from all guilt before God. Father, You anointed Jesus and sent Him to bind up and heal my broken heart, and liberate me from the shame of my youth and the imperfections of my caretakers. In the Name of Jesus, I choose to forgive all those who have wronged me in any way. You will not leave me without support as I complete the forgiveness process. I take comfort and I am encouraged and confidently say, "The Lord is my Helper; I will not be seized with alarm. What can man do to me?" 
My spirit is the candle of the Lord searching all the innermost parts of my being and the Holy Spirit leads me into all truth. When reality exposes shame and emotional pain, I remember that the sufferings of this present time are not worth being compared with the glory that is about to be revealed to me and in me and for me and conferred on me! The chastisement needful to obtain my peace and well being was upon Jesus, and with the stripes that wounded Him I was healed and made whole. As Your child, Father, I have a joyful and confident hope of eternal salvation. This hope will never disappoint, delude or shame me, for God's love has been poured out in my heart through the Holy Spirit Who has been given to me. 
In His Name I pray, amen. 
Scripture References: 
Psalm 32:5-7 AMP  1 John 1:9  Deuteronomy 30:19  Psalm 139  Ephesians 2:10  2 Timothy 1:7  Isaiah 54:4 
Isaiah 61:3  Ephesians 5:19  Isaiah 61:1  Mark 11:25  Hebrews 13:5,6  Proverbs 20:27  Romans 8:18 
John 16:13  Romans 4:24,25  Isaiah 53:5b  Romans 5:3-5