# The Children  Confession

The Children Confession
Father, in the name of Jesus, I pray and confess Your Word over my  Children and surround them with my faith - faith in Your Word that You watch over it to perform it! I confess and believe that my Children are disciples of Christ taught of the Lord and obedient to Your will. Great is the peace and undisturbed composure of my Children, because You, God, contend with that which contends with Children, and You give them safety and ease them. 
Father, You will perfect that which concerns me. I commit and cast the care of my Children once and for all over on you, Father. My Children are in Your hands, and I am positively persuaded that You are able to guard and keep that which I have committed to You. You are more than enough! 
I confess that my Children obey their parents in the Lord as His representatives, because this is just and right. My Children honor, esteem, and value as precious their parents; for this is the first commandment with a promise: that all may be well with my  Children and that they may live long on the earth. I believe and confess that my children choose life and love You, Lord, obey Your voice, and cling to You; for You are their life and the length of their days. Therefore, my children are the head and not the tail, and shall be above only and not beneath. They are blessed when they come in and when they go out. 
I believe and confess that You give Your angels charge over my children to accompany and defend and preserve them in all their ways. You, Lord, are their refuge and fortress. You are their glory and the lifter of their heads. 
As parents, we will not provoke, irritate, or fret our children. We will not be hard on them or harass them, or cause them to become discouraged, sullen, or morose, or feel inferior and frustrated. We will not break or wound their spirits, but we will rear them tenderly in the training, discipline, counsel, and admonition of the Lord. We will train them in the way they should go, and when they are old they will not depart from it. 
O Lord, my Lord, how excellent (majestic and glorious) is Your name in all the earth! You have set Your glory on or above the heavens. Out of the mouth of babes and unweaned infants You have established strength because of Your foes, that You might silence the enemy and the avenger. I sing praise to Your name, O Most High. The enemy is turned back from my children in the name of Jesus! They increase in wisdom and in favor with God and man. Amen. 
Scripture References: 
Jeremiah 1:12  Isaiah 54:13  Isaiah 49:25  1 Peter 5:7  2 Timothy 1:12  Psalm 91:11
Deuteronomy 30:19,20  Deuteronomy 28:13  Deuteronomy 28:3,6  Ephesians 6:4  Ephesians 6:1-3  Psalm 91:2
Psalm 3:3  Colossians 3:21  Proverbs 22:6  Psalm 8:1,2  Psalm 9:2,3  Luke 2:52